Add GitHub reusable workflows for PR preview via surge (#1853)
MarkBind/markbind: docs/devGuide/githubActions/markbindReusableWorkflows.md

{% set title = "GitHub Actions: markbind-reusable-workflows" %}
<span id="title" class="d-none">{{ title }}</span>

<frontmatter>
  title: "{{ title }}"
  layout: devGuide.md
  pageNav: default
</frontmatter>

# {{ title }}

<div class="lead">

> A list of reusable workflows that help improve CI/CD pipelines with a MarkBind site. It helps users to streamline their workflow by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of reusable workflows that help to improve the CI/CD pipelines of MarkBind sites. It helps users to streamline their workflow by:
```

* Making it easier to setup PR preview for a MarkBind site, including PRs from forks.
* Making it easier to unpublish a PR preview site after merge/close.

> The source code hosted alongside [MarkBind/markbind-action](https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind-action/tree/master/.github/workflows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code is hosted alongside [MarkBind/markbind-action](https://github.com/MarkBind/markbind-action/tree/master/.github/workflows).
```
